README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="a3y6hp.gif" alt="Demo GIF" width="400">
</p>
#Love for All

💫 About Me:

🔭 I’m currently working on:

🌱 3D Garden for Education – An immersive 3D learning environment built with React Three Fiber
🩸 LifeFlow – A smart blood donation system with real-time matching, Uber-style booking & SwiftUI app
🎮 FearRun Game – A 3D React Three Fiber survival game with FPP/TPP switch, enemy AI & immersive gameplay
🌱 I’m currently learning: React Native, OpenCV, AI Integration, and SwiftUI
👯 I’m looking to collaborate on: AI, ML, EdTech, Web3, and Hackathon Projects
🤝 I’m open to help with: Web & Mobile Development, Firebase, AI Features, and Game Dev (R3F/Unity)

🏆 Fun Fact: I’m a 7x Hackathon Winner & 13x Finalist

## 🛠️ Tech Stack & Tools  
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,js,react,nodejs,express,next,python,flask,tailwind,aws,git,github,linux,swift,mongodb,mysql,docker,postgres&perline=9" />
</p>

# Git Stats 📊
  
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=thisisavisikta&theme=chartreuse-dark&point=bb9af7&line=bb9af7&area=true&area_color=bb9af7&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Activity Graph"/>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>
  <table>
    <tr>
      <td>
        <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=thisisavisikta&theme=chartreuse_dark&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Streak"/>
      </td>
     <td>
        <img 
         src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=thisisavisikta&theme=blue-green&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&count_private=true&hide=stars,issues&show=prs_merged,prs_merged_percentage&rank_icon=github" alt="GitHub Stats"/>
      </td>
     </tr>
  </table>
  <table>
   <td>
        <img src="https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=thisisavisikta&theme=chartreuse_dark" alt="GitHub Summarry Card"/>
   </td>
      <td>
        <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=thisisavisikta&theme=blue-green&layout=donut&hide_border=true" alt="Top Languages"/>
      </td>
    
  </table>
---

## 🌐 Connect with Me
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/thisisavisikta/) 
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://www.instagram.com/anindya_iitm/)  
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-171515?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/thisisavisikta)

---




### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=merko)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=thisisavisikta&limit=5&theme=highcontrast&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)

Commit message:

Revise README with current projects and tech stack
Updated personal information and tech stack in README.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  
</p>

B.Tech Student in Computer Science and Engineering with a specialization in Cyber Security.


## 🛠️ Tech Stack & Tools  
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html,css,python,git,github,linux,mysql,docker,&perline=9" />
</p>

# Git Stats 📊
  
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>
      <img src="https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=thisisavisikta&theme=chartreuse-dark&point=bb9af7&line=bb9af7&area=true&area_color=bb9af7&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Activity Graph"/>
    </td>
  </tr>
</table>
  <table>
    <tr>
      <td>
        <img src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=thisisavisikta&theme=chartreuse_dark&hide_border=true" alt="GitHub Streak"/>
      </td>
     <td>
        <img 
         src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=thisisavisikta&theme=blue-green&show_icons=true&hide_border=true&count_private=true&hide=stars,issues&show=prs_merged,prs_merged_percentage&rank_icon=github" alt="GitHub Stats"/>
      </td>
     </tr>
  </table>
  <table>
   <td>
        <img src="https://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=thisisavisikta&theme=chartreuse_dark" alt="GitHub Summarry Card"/>
   </td>
      <td>
        <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=thisisavisikta&theme=blue-green&layout=donut&hide_border=true" alt="Top Languages"/>
      </td>
    
  </table>
---

## 🌐 Connect with Me
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/thisisavisikta/) 
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-171515?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/thisisavisikta)
---
### ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=merko)

### 🔝 Top Contributed Repo
![](https://github-contributor-stats.vercel.app/api?username=thisisavisikta&limit=5&theme=highcontrast&combine_all_yearly_contributions=true)
